[Music]
[Applause]
hi Rosie friends its Julie and today I'm
going to talk about the products that i
received from pca skin this is not a
sponsored video but I did receive these
products for free in exchange for an
absolutely honest review as you know I
won't give a review unless I can give my
honest opinion on what the experience
was and if I liked it and if my rosacea
prone skin reacted well to it and so
while I do get the occasional products
sent to me to test them out so that I
can do a video about it and I can do a
review this is absolutely 100% what I
thought about them it was sort of a
two-part to this story so I hope you'll
hang in there for me because the first
part I was contacted and I was asked if
I would be interested in receiving some
products at Tesco that they felt that
there could be some products that I
would really really like for my rosacea
prone skin they have a lot of rosacea
friendly skin care products on their
website if you check it out
there are tons of different options
there that are meant to be super gentle
gentle enough that even if you've gone
through a treatment recently like a
professional treatment some sort of
procedure it's still gentle enough that
you'll be able to apply that throughout
the healing process so we're talking
real gentle really really gentle yep so
the first products that I was sent I
don't have the bottles of them I've
you'll see a hotel it although um it
came with this lovely little envelope
and they did a little handwritten note
which I thought was super nice they said
they hope I am it says Julie hi Julie we
hope you enjoyed these new products to
help soothe your rosacea remember if you
love your results please share the love
on social media with hashtag PCA skin
and if you follow me on Instagram then
you know that I was super excited to get
these products and I took a picture of
them and I posted there and the products
themselves I still have the boxes are
this one here the dual action redness
relief and the hydrator plus
broad-spectrum
f:p SPF 30 and I tried these four well I
tried the redness one first it comes in
a bottle that looks like this it is a
gorgeous bottle this part of it is glass
and it's got a nice pump on it the
product that comes out is slightly kind
of yellowy colored it doesn't have any
unpleasant smells or anything like that
the ingredients I check them out are
lovely they're super interesting there's
a lot of information about it I'll put
on the links for all of these products
in the description below if I remember
to do it I hope that I will anyway and
it came with these pictures that showed
you know that here's her skin how like
it's got redness and then it lightens up
and it shows exactly how that process
happens and stuff so I was really
excited about that and then it's got the
that's that's basically a treatment
product and then you follow up in the
daytime with this hydrator + spectrum
SPF it's a moisturizer with SPF in it
which I love and then in at night I was
using my own moisturizer because I
didn't have a moisturizer from them but
I was also I was still using the civil
action redness relief with it so anyway
the I did it the first I started just
with the redness product and I was using
that and I did it just during the
daytime for a few days and then I
started using in the daytime and the
evening and then I built on and started
using the SPF moisturizer along with it
and over time I started finding that
like my skin itself seemed fine at the
beginning and then I started getting
these weird patches here and here that
were dry and red and getting more and
more irritated and the little sting II
so and then my skin the rest of my skin
as soon as anything happens anywhere
basically on me then the rest of my skin
gets red and inflamed and uncomfortable
so I contacted them right away and they
responded right away they were amazing
the customer service there is seriously
incredible and these are knowledgeable
helpful people you don't get a canned
answer
you get an individual response from a
human being which I couldn't have
appreciated more that was wonderful and
she said I'll stop don't use them
anymore you're having an allergic
reaction
I've sent this to this information to
the developers I had taken pictures as
well so I sent that in just so they can
see what I'm talking about because
describing a skin reaction is really a
confusing thing so yep they they
basically the team had a look and said
you know it sounds like you're having an
allergic reaction like don't don't
continues and something that's
irritating your skin please it's you
know so as far as I'm concerned these
are great products that I'm allergic to
some one of the two of them and I don't
even know which or if it's the
combination of the two or if they're I
don't know but I don't feel that these
irritated my skin as a something that
irritated my rosacea it was actually
something that I have an allergy to I
have not tracked down what it is yet
so that was my own so I was completely
unable to test these gorgeous products
but I did pass them on to other people
so I can give indirect reviews if you'd
like I gave the dual action redness
relief product to my best friend who is
also the co-author in my book series and
she has adult acne she had a YouTube
channel going for a while if I remember
to do it I will put a link to it here so
that you can see what she looks like and
what she basically her skin what she's
dealing with but so she started using
this and she basically followed the
directions but the kind of people at PCI
Skin told me to do is patch tests first
and then once you don't have a reaction
then use it on your entire face which is
something that I have been recommending
that people do for so so long and I was
a complete hypocrite and didn't listen
to my own advice and that's why I ended
up with the reaction that I had but she
followed that advice and she didn't have
any reaction to it at all in a negative
way but she did say that the color
correction that she experienced with the
sort of inflammation and the bits of
kind of redness that she has on her face
from the adult acne
inflammation from that she said it was
pretty much instantaneous and that there
was a very very obvious blending in her
skin so that from basically her normal
skin to the inflamed skin to the normal
skin it blended really beautifully so
she had the reaction they were trying to
describe here she had a great reaction
to it she really likes it a lot
and so I was really thrilled that I
could share this with her because it
clearly was not the right thing for me
so the sunscreen I pass to my mom who I
believe has used it once and did not
have a negative reaction to it um she
didn't really give me all that much
feedback about it so I don't have much
to share she's only used at the one time
so all I know is that she isn't
sunburned right now and she didn't have
any negative response to the sunscreen
the hydrator plus broad-spectrum
sunscreen so I don't really know about
that I can't tell you from personal
experience about either one of these
because I'm allergic to something in one
of them and I can't tell you which one
and I can't tell you what it is but yeah
so this one is promising this one is
promising but from personal experience I
can't tell you I can't really say
anything however the story does not end
there because the people at PCA skin
were so unbelievably nice I mean just
the advice that they gave me and the
fact that they were just so supportive
in helping me to overcome and heal from
their reaction was incredible because
the next thing I knew they had FedExed
me another nice envelope and they said
hi Julie we're so sorry to hear about
your adverse reaction we've included two
favorites recommended by our research
and development team be sure to patch
test base first as always we're here for
any questions or answers needed and then
love the PCA skin team really nice note
so after they sent me these like great
products but to try out
they sent me further support to heal up
my skin following the adverse reaction
that I experienced the
logic reaction that I experienced and so
the products that they sent me were I
did actually heal my face in a different
way because I was already dealing with
it but as they were sending these out if
you haven't seen that video it's right
here it's how I rebalance my face
between every product I test and but
what they sent me would be anti redness
serum and be hydrating serum and eye
patch tested them both didn't have an
adverse reaction to either so I've
tested these for quite some time now a
couple of weeks
yes and I've reacted just fine to them
and essentially what I had thought I
should be doing and then I asked is I
thought because this one's anti redness
this would be my daytime so I put this
on and then I moisturize with my face
oil that I always use and then I would
use the hydrating one at night because I
don't need anti redness at night I need
extra hydration and then I would
moisturize as per usual but when I
contacted the company to make sure that
I was on the right track they said like
no go ahead and use them both at the
same time basically kind of the more the
merrier so I use I've been using these
both like I put the anti redness serum
on and then I kind of give it a second
to sink in and then I use the hydrating
serum and then I give that a little bit
and then I use my regular moisturizing
oil that I use everyday anyway and I use
this morning and evening and I have not
had an adverse reaction my skin has been
really great
I'm wearing makeup right now but my skin
is feeling really great
it feels really healthy again it's
actually the best that it's been in some
time
so I recovered fully from the allergic
reaction and it's really balancing out
I'm still using the light therapy of
course and I'm still using all of my
other skincare but using these on top
have really not created any adverse
reactions I feel that it's contributed
to an overall very healthy skin feeling
it's very comfortable I think just
basically as the winter starts up the
more layers of hydration and
just healthy support that I can give my
skin the better these are both why don't
I actually take them out of the box the
hydrating serum looks like this it comes
in this little it's a glass a frosted
glass bottle and I'll just put a little
bit on the back so it's just this little
clear kind of frosty clear do like that
and it rubs in it's it looks like it's
oily but it's not and it rubs in really
nicely and then like it dries pretty
well there is no oily layer left behind
it's very smooth so that's really nice
for something that's extra hydrating
like that and the if you redness serums
comes in this other color it's kind of a
frosted yellow I actually thought the
product was going to be yellow like this
because um well that's the color of the
glass but it is more of a see it's more
of a white stuff and neither one of
these have any fragrance at all they
don't have any strong smells or anything
it smells you can smell that there's
something there but it's because it is
made of ingredients and they don't smell
like water so yeah I didn't find that it
smelled annoying I didn't find it was
irritating or anything and yep and it
just rubs in completely and it's dry
pretty quickly and then I would just
hydrate on top of that with my daily
face oil really impressed with these two
products it's such a shame that I
reacted to one of the other one or both
I don't even know which so I was too
afraid to try either of them to be able
to continue them but did really well
with these two super glad that I patch
tested them first thank you very much
PCI skin for the advice and the support
and the kindness and understanding and
all of the getting your team involved to
figure out what happened to me and for
sending out extra products to help
support my skin I'm not done these ones
I'm gonna keep using them until they're
finished
so really lovely
and great products so far for the ones
that I can test and yeah so what kind of
started off a little bit rough ended up
being a really really pleasant
experience I feel very confident in
saying very nice things about the
company itself so hope this was
interesting to you I hope that it helps
you to learn about a product that you
hadn't heard about before if you do like
this kind of video where I talk about
the types of skincare that I try on my
rosacea prone skin I hope you will give
me a thumbs up because that way I will
know and I'll keep doing it and if you
want to see more videos like this I hope
you'll subscribe to my channel if you
haven't done that already because I make
new videos every Sunday and most
thursdays and other than that I will see
you next time
[Music]